what do I want to learn or understand better?
* I want to learn how to efficiently use Scrum to speed up software development. I would like to be able to learn it not just for this course but also to remeber it and use it in the future.
  
  I want to better understand our specific task that our group has been assigned. I want to get a good look at the source code to understand what we've got to work with.
  

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
* When the project progresses I will try to have an open mindset to be able to share my knowledge. 
  One way to help others is to try to use experience from the previous IT courses to solve new problems. 
  
  The project hasen't developed much further since last week, so I haven't had any opportunities to help my teammates.

what is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
* This week has been mostly about trying to learn the basics of scrum, and we've not met with the group that much to plan the project.
  As I am very excited for this course i've tried to share the excitement with the group.
  
  This week I and many of the group members have been in Italy and therefore not contributed as much as the members back home. I have been reading more about scrum and our specific assignment.
what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? 
That means that for the personal learning objective you 
will each week write down what you have achieved in 
relation to last week's ambition (technologies, concepts
and skills learnt as well as how this was achieved), 
what you would like to achieve for the next week and how 
to make the change happen. The first week of the course 
you describe the current situation by motivating a 
learning objective. It is perfectly fine to change 
objective/s each week as long as you can motivate the 
change and you evaluate the outcome of the previous week 
(e.g. describing the current situation).
* As we've only studied for a week it is hard to dertermine my role in the group, but I am interested in working on the database-backend. I want to focus on learning scrum and GitHub this first week.

My objective for next week is to catch up with the rest of the group and work on our assignment.
